docs: add Karpenter arm64 support to CAPA nodepool docs (#3312)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/tutorials/fleet-management/cluster-management/node-pools/index.md

        version: 35.0.0
```

> arm64 node pools are also supported by Karpenter. This is a very brief example of how to configured mixed node pools:

Reviewer: Rephrasing to avoid lowercase sentence start:

```suggestion
Karpenter also supports arm64 node pools. This is a very brief example of how to configured mixed node pools:
```

Author: @marians thanks for the suggestion, i've pushed my own change because i spotted a typo i made
